[Filebeat] Format and spell check Threat Intel module docs (#24140)
elastic/beats: filebeat/docs/modules/threatintel.asciidoc

How often the API is polled for updated information.

Abuse.ch URL Threat Intel is mapped to the following ECS fields.

[options="header"]
|==============================================================
| URL Threat Intel Fields    | ECS Fields

> | url                        | threat.indicator.url.full

Reviewer: I believe the module, for now, is using `threatintel.*` instead of `threat.*`?

How often the API is polled for updated information.

Abuse.ch Malware Threat Intel is mapped to the following ECS fields.

[options="header"]
|================================================================
| Malware Threat IntelFields | ECS Fields

> | md5_hash                   | threat.indicato.file.hash.md5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| md5_hash                   | threat.indicator.file.hash.md5
```

    var.interval: 60m
----

To configure the output with filters, use fields that already exist on the MISP
server, and define either a single value or multiple. By adding a filter, only

> events that has attributes which matches the filter will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
events that have attributes that match the filter will be returned.
```

> The below filters is only examples, for a full list of all fields please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below filters are only examples, for a full list of all fields please
```

*`var.first_interval`*::

How far back to search when retrieving events the first time the beat starts up.
After the first interval has passed the module itself will use the timestamp
from the last response as the filter when retrieving new events.

*`var.types`*::

A comma delimited list of indicator types to include, defaults to all. A list of
possible types to filter on can be found in the
https://cybersecurity.att.com/documentation/usm-appliance/otx/about-otx.htm[AlientVault
OTX documentation].

OTX Threat Intel is mapped to the following ECS fields.

[options="header"]
|============================================================
| Malware Threat Intel  Fields | ECS Fields
| otx.type                     | threat.indicator.type
| otx.description              | threat.indicator.description
| otx.indicator                | threat.indicator.*
|============================================================

`otx.indicator` is mapped to the appropriate field dependent on attribute type.

[float]
==== `anomali` fileset settings

> To configure the module please fill in the credentials, for Anomali Limo (the

Reviewer: `Anomali Limo` - what a great name for a TAXII feed 😂
